They sat in a ring around the fire.

They knew each other well - all seven of them - for they had studied together. They were, you could even say, the first students of yoga. With time, and practice, they had now become masters of yoga. Of course, in the eyes of their teacher, they would always be students.

Kashyap cleared his throat and the wind seemed to quieten. Finally, he spoke.

"Now is the time for action, fellows. If we do not act now, we may not get another chance. This is the lull - now before the enemy realizes that the immediate danger is gone, and while he cowers underground still. Once word gets out, all hell will break loose."

A lean but muscular man spoke up. "Mahishasur won't take long to find out that the cup is gone. It should be obvious, even deep inside the earth." 

"Sage Agastya, is it really gone?" asked Shukracharya, who was dressed, as always, in black. "I believe you were there."

"So was I." Came a voice from the other side of the circle. The speaker was a portly fellow, short and stocky with gangly hair. He seemed to be beaming, or manybe his face was always bent like that. "And so was Kashyap. We saw the cup disappear into the same crevice that had spat is out."

"Well what I meant is, was it destroyed?" asked Shukracharya.

"It didn't break into pieces, if that's what you're asking. But no, that doesn't mean that it can come back, if that's what you mean." Agstya had a pondering look in his eye.

"I think it can." said the quiet voice of Kashyap.

"Oh, come on!" A deep thundering growl erupted from the heavy, bulky body sitting next to Kashyap. Angiras looked down at his fists as he spoke. "Are you saying all that fighting and spiting was for naught?"

"I'm sure the village folk appreciated it." Smiled the tall, chiseled face next to him.

"Vashisht, if you were there in the battle field at Prag Jyotisha, you would not have smiled."

"But we'll do it again, if we have to." The voice was as stern as the face behind it. Kratu had a scar running down one of his cheeks, a battle scar he was more proud of than not.

"Yes, as many times as we have to." Angiras said, flexing his muscles.

"We cannot attain victory through strength of arms." Kashyap calm voice almost fell like ice on a burning wound."Not this time. Mahishasur has consumed ammrit, after all. Don't forget that."

"Yeah but he ran-"

"Re ran from the halahal- not from us. And if finds out that the halahal is gone, he will return."

There was a while of silence as they all sat and digested this.
 